The Business Development Representative position is responsible for providing qualified leads to the sales organization and accelerating the process from prospect to customer.

WHAT YOU'LL DO:

Use a variety of approaches to prospecting into a list of target accounts including cold calling, social media, SalesLoft and email
Nurture prospects at different stages of interest in order to gain trust and build a relationship over time
Develop relationships with key decision makers
Respond quickly to inbound leads/inquiries
Provide qualified leads to the sales organization and accelerate the process from prospect to customer
Gather information to accurately qualify prospects as sales opportunities and ensure that we provide a solution to their top business challenges
Decision making authority
Pain points
Key contacts
Budget
Manage time to meet individual goals to help the department succeed
Collaborate with Regional Sales Managers, Solution Engineers, Customer Success Managers, and Marketing team members to meet organizational goals
Complete and maintain data entry into CRM systems to reflect activity


WHAT YOU'LL BRING:

1 to 3 years of professional sales experience, preferably business-to-business
Ability to learn quickly and exceed expectations
Strong organizational and interpersonal skills
Professional speaking voice with strong phone etiquette skills
A positive and determined attitude
Time and task management skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Engaging and articulate phone conversation skills
Highly motivated
Experience with detail-oriented tasks and processes in an office setting
Experience with CRM products (i.e., Microsoft Dynamics, Sugar, SalesLoft, SalesForce)


WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT US:

We are laid back but buttoned up. We offer a casual work environment and remote work flexibility and have a passion for developing creative, innovative best in class solutions that directly contribute to the success of our customers
We care deeply and deliver service and solutions that make a real difference in the lives of our clients and their businesses
We openly accept others as they are and build strong partnerships based on trust
Teamwork and collaboration is key to help our colleagues and customers solve their challenges
Our team is energetic, fun, naturally inquisitive and eager to make an impact, we invite you to join us!


A GLOBAL COMPANY WITH A LOCAL PRESENCE:

We know that there are benefits of being in the office and working from home. WorkWave promotes a healthy work/life balance and provides employees with the flexibility of collaborating in the office or the option to work virtually if desired
We have employees in over 30 states, 7 countries and many regional offices - each with their own set of perks and opportunities to give back to the local community
Whether you work remotely or take advantage of one of our offices, you’ll find a community of WorkWavers that value diversity, and care deeply about our products, clients, our communities and each other


LOVE WHAT YOU DO, NO MATTER WHERE YOU DO IT:

Our HQ is based at our state of the art home office in the historic Bell Works complex located in Holmdel Township, New Jersey
With everything you could find in a great downtown -- from restaurants and retail to art and culture the Bell Works “Metroburb” is a microcosm of innovation, possibility, and inspiration and WorkWave is proud to be a part of it
Pharmacy, urgent care, bank, restaurants, florist, gym, dentist, outdoor patio bar and weekly farmers market all conveniently located on the first floor - making running errands on a break a breeze
We work hard but play hard too...need a break? When in the office kick back in our common area, play a game of arcade basketball, video games in our game rooms or face off in a ping pong match


WORKING REMOTE? Great! Our teams are well versed at working collaboratively in a fully virtual environment. We keep our offices available to all to use when working remotely isn’t feasible, or to help with cross training, team building and/or brainstorming.

RELAX, WE'VE GOT YOU COVERED:

Employees can expect a robust benefits package, including health and dental and 401k with company match


AND BEYOND...

Find your perfect work/life balance with our Flexible Time Off policy or generous PTO plan (role dependent) and paid holidays
Up to 4 weeks paid bonding leave
Free subscription to the Calm App for you and up to 4 dependents!
Tuition reimbursement
Robust Employee Assistance Program through TotalCare offering free counseling 24/7/365, plus financial counseling, legal guidance, adoption assistance services and much more!
24/7 access to virtual medical care with Teladoc
Quarterly awards based on peer nominations
Regional discounts and perks
Opportunities to participate in charitable events and give back to the community


GROW WITH US:

We understand the impact of attracting and keeping top talent and reward intellectual curiosity and a thirst for personal and professional growth
Encouraging our employees that already have an intimate knowledge of and passion for our products to apply for other roles within our walls just makes sense!
Our employees have access to extensive video libraries for soft skill and role specific training available 24/7 and live trainings are provided throughout the year


JOIN OUR WINNING TEAM!

10 Time winner of Best Place to Work in New Jersey by NJBiz!
WorkWave has been recognized with multiple awards for its outstanding products, growth and culture, including the Inc. 5000, SaaS Award, IT World Awards, Globe Awards, Silver Stevie Award for Employer of the Year, and Best Place to Work Inc. Magazine
Recently named one of The Software Report's 3rd annual list of the Top 100 Software Companies of 2022 (worldwide!)


We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status: Don't meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At WorkWave, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you feel like you could make a great impact in this role but your past experience doesn't align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may just be the right candidate for this or other roles!

WorkWave supports salary transparency, however please note that salary estimates provided by websites (LinkedIn, Glassdoor, etc.) and not by WorkWave may not accurately reflect the actual salary range for the position.

In our dedication to salary transparency, we provide a compensation range for sales roles, which is $45,000 in addition to commission. The final offer will be dependent on various factors, including the candidate's qualifications, relevant experience, and the organization's budget. Our Talent Acquisition team will provide more information about the compensation package for this position during the interview process.
