Sales Development Representative

Reports to: Director of Marketing

Salary Range: $68,500 to $80,000

Bright Power works with forward thinking owners and developers to identify, design, and implement custom energy and water solutions on a wide variety of systems. Our team is comprised of a diverse, talented, and hard-working group of individuals committed to growing this industry and to making a positive impact on the environment.

Join Us

Bright Power has been a transformative player in clean energy and sustainable housing for 15 years. Our Clients include affordable housing owners and developers, Fortune 1000 financial and real estate investors, privately held firms, and some of the nation’s largest property managers.

We are passionate about reducing energy and water usage through the implementation of energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies. Our goal is to improve the health, comfort, and value of our client’s buildings, while cultivating a sustainable future. We believe deeply in doing well by doing good and come to work every day seeking to change the world.

The Role

Bright Power is seeking a diligent and motivated Sales Development Representative. The ideal candidate will possess an interest in sustainable energy, an outgoing personality, and strong organizational skills. This position plays a crucial role in supporting product growth by meeting and exceeding monthly outbound sales goals and building sales pipeline.

Role and responsibilities:

Research prospect organizations, identify contacts, and manage a high volume of lead data
Complete sales outreach via various outbound channels, including cold calls, email campaigns and LinkedIn messaging
Book sales meetings for follow through and/or for handover to the sales team
Participate in product/service demo calls with potential customers
Track sales and outreach activities + campaign progress in the CRM
Receive training on product & services, including:
Sales drivers and competitive landscape
Speaking to value and return on investment vs. technical functionality
Anticipating and preparing for objections
Qualify leads + customers based on provided frameworks
Support account management team with research to identify upsell and cross-sell opportunities
Maintain lead status and campaign reports
Represent the company and our products with a high degree of professionalism
The ideal candidate possesses:

1+ years of relevant work experience
Long-term interest in a client-facing sales or business development career
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
An outgoing personality and the ability to hold engaging conversations and compose thoughtful emails
A competitive nature and results-driven approach
Superior organizational skills and ability to multitask efficiently
Proficiency with Salesforce.com or other CRM, Zoominfo, SalesNavigator, and/or data management experience
Degree or equivalent relevant experience required
Benefits

In addition to working with incredible people, Bright Power offers competitive benefits. Find the list of our benefits offered on ourcareers home page