The Company You’ll Join

Carta is a platform that helps people manage equity, build businesses, and invest in the companies of tomorrow. Our mission is to unlock the power of equity ownership for more people in more places.

Carta is trusted by more than 40,000 companies and over two million people in nearly 160 countries to manage cap tables, compensation, and valuations. Carta also supports nearly 7,000 funds and SPVs, and represents nearly $130B in assets under administration. Carta's tender offer solutions have returned $14B to shareholders in secondary transactions. Today, Carta’s platform manages nearly three trillion dollars in equity globally.

For more information about our offices and culture, check out our Carta careers page .

The Team You’ll Work With

The Sales Development Representative Teams are the driving force of Carta’s upward trajectory. Our SDRs work with the Director of Sales Development on marketing related projects, territory research, prospect targeting, reporting, and webinar maximization strategy. We pride ourselves on investing in our team and promoting from within. All SDRs receive training on Carta software, private market finance, and equity administration along with ongoing training in consultative sales, client management, negotiation and sales operations.

The Problems You’ll Solve

Build pipeline through self-sourced efforts and working strategically with Account Executives
Become an expert on Carta’s varying products and services
Maintain active engagement with new and existing leads through creative follow-up, generating increased interest and excitement in Carta
Work with cross-functional teams to ensure top of funnel acquisition
By supporting the SDR teams you will help drive the overall company pipeline
Provide timely and accurate front-line support for all prospective customers interested in Carta
Engage with prospective customers real-time via phone or zoom
Execute cold outreach campaigns leveraging a "customer first" approach to investors and finance leaders in the venture and private equity space, as well as private corporations

About You

Grit - Ambitious, driven, and fearless in the face of rejection
Coachability - Tremendous desire to learn about FinTech and constantly improve in a “no-egos” environment
Emotional Intelligence - Ability to read emotional cues, understand a customer’s needs, and navigate a meaningful conversation and provide meaningful solutions
Customer-Facing Experience - Experience working in a high volume customer-facing role
An Interest in Venture Capital / FinTech - If learning about how investors find the next unicorn to invest in, you’re in the right place
Excellent time management skills and attention to detail
Track record of success in a lead generation role is a plus
Ability to break down and effectively communicate complex topics
Experience managing spreadsheets on Excel, Google Sheets, or similar productivity software tooling

Preferred

SaaS and software sales experience
Passion for or previous experience in Finance

Salary

Benefits

Carta’s compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and for applicable roles, commissions plans. Our expected cash compensation (salary + commission if applicable) range for this role starts at:

$64,500 base in New York City, NY
$64,500 base in San Francisco, CA
$58,845 base in Seattle, WA

Final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, candidate experience and expertise, and other factors.

We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a positive interview experience for every candidate. If accommodations due to a disability or medical condition are needed, please connect with the recruiter via email. As a company, we value fairness, helpfulness, transparency, leadership and build our teams around these values. Check out our careers page to get to know us better as you think about your next step at Carta.

Important Security Notice for Candidates

Our company has been targeted by individuals creating fake domains similar to ours to scam prospects and candidates. Please note that all official communications from us will come from an @carta.com domain. Be cautious of any requests for sensitive information or payments outside of our official channels. For more information about this type of scam, please review the guidelines provided by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). If you encounter any suspicious activity, please report it immediately to recruiting-systems@carta.com .

Awards and Acknowledgements

Companies and funds like Tribe and Pipe build their businesses on Carta. The company has been included on the Forbes World’s Best Cloud Companies , Fast Company's Most Innovative list, and Inc.’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies . We’ve also been recognized as a 2023 Built In Best Place to Work in the U.S. , a Muse VIBE Award winner in the Vacation and Time Off category and certified as a Great Place to Work .

Interested in data privacy? Check out our policies on Privacy and CA Candidate Privacy.