We're Changing the Rentals Industry

We're a profitable, growth-stage company building industry-leading martech and data SaaS products for the rentals industry. While originally known for building and operating one of the U.S.'s largest rental marketplaces - Rentable, we recently launched a martech product and a competitive intelligence software - ApartmentIQ, both with high growth rates.

We're a 100% remote team of 90 spread across the U.S. from coast to coast. We operate on a strict no a\*\*holes policy, and are proud to have built a community of highly performant people that take our work seriously, but not ourselves.

While we've raised $30MM+ to date from some of the world's best investors, we're profitable with a strong balance sheet and an indefinite runway. We pride ourselves on achieving rapid growth without having to incinerate capital.

If you like the idea of joining an industry-changing company made up of people who genuinely like each other, Rentable could be a great fit for you.

Job Description

As a Sales Development Representative, your primary function is to put our sales team in touch with the right people at the right companies. You'll be responsible for engaging prospective customers and converting these into sales opportunities that will be handed to and closed by an Account Executive.

You'll have a direct impact on the expansion of our business and be recognized & rewarded for your success. We only hire the best, and you'll need to convince us that you're a top level performer.

Responsibilities

Work on the SDR team in tandem with our Account Executives to grow our top markets
Prospect and research new business opportunities with property management companies
Build a pipeline of consistent and qualified leads for Account Executives
Engage prospective customers via cold calling, LinkedIn and email marketing
Creatively uncover opportunities by connecting with multiple stakeholders; property managers, marketing directors and senior leadership

Qualifications

1-2 years of experience in a sales role
A friendly, likable demeanor and a team-oriented mindset
Competitive spirit
Willingness to contact and sell to people you've never met
Ability to qualify prospective customers and generate leads
Ability to rapidly learn and apply new strategies for pre-sales outreach
A relentless desire for growth and advancement

Why Rentable?

We're a 100% remote company where meetings, bureaucracy, and hierarchy are abhorred, and building and solving problems are what matter above all else.

We have a no a\*\*hole policy. We believe in radical inclusivity. Everyone is welcome to join our team and we share all key metrics. And we always put renters first - we're serious about all that "build a renter-friendly world" stuff we keep talking about!

Perks of Working for Rentable:

100% remote workplace
Competitive Compensation
Stock Options
Open Vacation Policy (you take vacation whenever you want)
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance
100% paid Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, and Life Insurance program
401k Program

If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process, please contact your recruiter.
Show less
